we're convinced that automation is the
best way to achieve optimal results with
your available labor while maintaining
maximum respect for your cows we have
explicitly refrained from automating the
actions of milking itself instead we've
built a system around the cow we wanted
to make sure that cows liked to be
milked within a low threshold system our
truly unique robot arm concept as well
as the AI flow concept for quick
entrance in and quick exit from the box
are some clear examples of the strategy
fewer movements of robot parts helps the
cow to feel more at ease and saves
energy the unique in line everyday
indication of fat and protein levels per
cow can be used for individual Russians
to optimize profitability of the dairy
farm we offer you a unique set of
instruments to manage both milk quality
as well as cow health we've developed
management software allowing you to
spend your time on the cows that require
attention while gaining full control
over your herd the modular system offers
you and your herd optimal flexibility
both now and in the future a
professional network of specialists and
service people helps you to make robotic
milking a success on your farm
lately astronaut the natural way of
milking